so today I have a very special video to
put up for you and it is a video contest
for this company called fashion for one
sec i'll write their link right here is
in the bottom bar below and they send me
I back and I was so excited when I got
this so basically what fashion for one
is if you guys don't know it's a website
that has a whole bunch of different
handbags Wallace's felt so say they sell
so many different well-known brands such
as on steve madden Betsey Johnson XOXO
chinese laundry Lily waters Mundy big
buddha company actually send me a Betsey
Johnson bag because they felt that it
was the right fit for me and my
personality and I was so excited about
that because I love Betty J it looks
like this and it has a super cute little
heart here that you are here it's pink
my favorite color I love the combination
of pink on black and I feel like that's
what that's my bag is this is pink and
like right I feel like Betsy is so pink
I love it oh my goodness ok and then so
in here you have a little pocket for lip
gloss or makeup or anything like that
and then here you have a bigger pocket
for like maybe a powder then you have
the main section of the purse and then
you actually also have this zipper
section which is so great because i
always like to keep like extra money
turn around and it has cville in the
back and then these straps here this is
really long so you can wear it like this
so you can wear it like a regular purse
but i like it because it is cross back
so you went across your Buffy like that
and I just absolutely like I'm so
excited to go out want to go out tonight
just to wear this I'm not even kidding
you guys this is Betsy Johnson signature
like xox Betsey Betsey Betsey but I'm
not really sure if I'm going to keep it
odd just because I feel like it might
get stuck somewhere or like pole I think
I'm just going to cut this
off and then focus on one of my like
tote bags or something else because I
just feel like it's kind of just like it
takes away from this like pretty hard
here I don't know that's just me but I
love her I love her little signature
thing but she's so cute like she would
put a freaking huge dangling hard on her
back they also have this in cheetah
print it's like orange and brown and
bronze ish but I like the black bees I
just think it's more versatile and goes
with almost any outfit color that I
could wear black and gold it's perfect
anyway so the reason I'm so excited
about this is that one of my lucky
subscribers will be given the chance to
win this makes a festival by that's
Johnson plus body bag and you guys have
a choice the winner will have a choice
of getting either this one or the one
that I said the chicken so I will link
the picture to vadilal bar with all the
rules so you guys can make this one or
that line so excited and so appreciative
at fashion for one would do this for me
and my subscribers I think it's so sweet
of them and especially with the holidays
coming up this will be a great gift if
you don't like cross ice bags or if you
don't like that to Johnson or if you
don't even like smaller bags because I'm
such a big bag person this would be
perfect gift for a loved one or a friend
or about the holiday season so what do
you got to do to women want to mention
before I go into the rules and stuff is
about me also said that you can have a
20-percent discount code on any bag on
the website so it could be this bag or
any other bag on the website so if you
don't want always go type in this coupon
code which is NC 4 I guess Nicole
Christine NC 20 so NC 20 and you can
type that in and it will get you twenty
percent off any of the bags author what
bag retails for two Patera oh here it is
it retails for is called the bead mine
again bag Sookie right and it retails
for $78 if you guys can see
and it actually is on sale on website
for $62 I'll get twenty percent off with
that discount code so you'll be saving a
lot of money let's get into their rules
okay so first rule is that you have to
be a subscriber of my channel obviously
if I can rule is you have to be 18 or
older or have your parents permission
error rule is that you have to like
fashion for one's page on Facebook or
sub to their YouTube channel which I
will link both in the box below so you
can do both if you want or just south or
like their facebook north rule is you
have to follow me on twitter fifth rule
is that you have to like this video
comment below saying anything you want
so just say anything like your favorite
flower your favorite movie whatever and
also include the bag that you if you do
win the bag that you'll want so you can
either have a choice between the black
one or the cheetah print one hello you
can enter as many times as you want and
don't write enter me because if you
write enter me I will have to disqualify
you this conscious will be running for
about five days so today is Monday this
kindest will end on friday and the kind
of sweater we picked by random.org and
fashion for one will actually ship out
the bag of your choice to you not from
me you'll get it from the company
directly so fortunately they do not ship
internationally so this is us only but
my current one that I have my holiday
collab one is actually international so
you can go enter that if you don't
qualify for this contest hope you guys
are having a great date it looks
everyone who enters this contest by